LALBAGH
-------

![](images/media/image1.jpeg)

Lalbagh, for its unique achievement in nurturing the concept of
horticulture and aiding the development of horticulture, has earned a
pride of place among the gardens of the world and it has come to be
regarded as one of the best gardens in the East for its layout,
maintenance, scientific treasure and scenic beauty. Earlier known with
the name of Rose and Cypress Garden, Lalbagh Botanical Garden is one of
the most popular tourist attractions in Bangalore. dream work of Hyder
Ali, construction of this garden was completed during the reign of Tipu
Sultan. Boasting of more than 1000 varied species of flora including
flowers, tropical plants and herbs, this garden has a number of other
attractions as well such as Glass House, Museum, Pigeon House, Statue of
Sri Chamaraja Wodeyar,Kempegowda Tower, etc.

WONDERLA
--------

![](images/media/image2.jpeg)

Wonderla has 55 land and water-based rides. The park features a wide
variety of attractions including some rides, water rides, a
musical fountain and laser shows, a virtual reality show. Wonderla
Bangalore has a full-fledged dance floor with a twist: electronically
controlled rain showers. Wonderla also has attractions specially
designed for children, and these are gentle yet unusual like a kiddies
free fall ride. It uses solar-heated water for all its pools during
winter.

BANNERGHATTA NATIONAL PARK
--------------------------

![](images/media/image3.jpeg)

![](images/media/image4.jpeg)

This place is known for its Tiger Safari rides. Bannerghatta is the
first biological park in India to have a fenced forested elephant
sanctuary where elephants can roam around freely without chains. The
biological park zoo has a small museum for showcasing special exhibits,
a reptile park and a small theatre.

FREEDOM PARK
------------

![](images/media/image5.jpeg)

Freedom Park in Bangalore is located in the previous Central Jail
which has an area of about 21 acres. This park has been designed with
the purpose of serving as platform for various public meetings,
protests, rallies. There is also an amphitheatre for the speakers to put
across their views.

CUBBON PARK
------------

![](images/media/image6.jpeg)

![](images/media/image7.jpeg)

This park enjoys an ideal location with many popular sightseeing
places located in its proximity. Initially named as Meade’s Park after
John Meade, this park was later renamed as Sri Chamarajendra Park in
1927 in the honor of Mysore King Sri Krishnaraja Wodeyar. However, it is
popularly known as Cubbon Park. With more than 600 different kinds of
flora, mesmerising landscapes and vast open spaces, this park is
frequented to experience the serenity of nature.

INNOVATIVE FILM CITY Bangalore
-------------------------------

![](images/media/image8.jpeg)

![](images/media/image9.jpeg)

In Bidali, off the Bangalore-Mysore Highway, Innovative Film city is
an entertainment hub with entertaining choices for each and everyone. It
has a wide array of interesting sections, each promising a unique and
fun-filled experience. Miniature city, replicas of the popular wonders
from all over the world, museum, haunted mansion, wax museum, Dinosaur
World, Fossil Hunt, water rides, etc are a few of the engaging sections
of the Innovative film city.

GO KARTING
----------

![](images/media/image10.jpeg)

Here is an excellent opportunity for all the racing enthusiasts to
experience go-karting on an international circuit. Avail this amazing
opportunity to enjoy zooming across a real race track in one of the most
powerful and the safest kart. In this activity you will be provided with
a powerful 7 BHP kart which you can ride for 6 minutes on a 500 m track.
Feel the adrenaline rush and have fun with your loved ones by indulging
in recreational racing. These tracks are best suitable for all the
budding riders who want to hone their driving skills. So if you want to
enjoy a great weekend, join us to feel the non-stop buzz and roar. Take
home amazing memories of the exhilarating rides, that is sure to remain
with you for a vary long time.

ULSOOR LAKE
-----------

![](images/media/image11.jpeg)

Ulsoor Lake is situated on the northeastern fringe of the city center,
near the busy M. G. Road. Spread over an area of approximately 1.5
square kilometers, the Ulsoor lake of Bangalore is dotted with islands.
One of the major attractions of the lake is boating. There is a boat
club at the lake, where you can hire cruises with stopovers at some of
the islands. 

ISKCON TEMPLE
-------------

![](images/media/image12.jpeg)

![](images/media/image13.jpeg)

**What is the mission of human life?** The mission of human life is to
end the miseries of material existence and attain a blissful life. We
are constantly searching after happiness, but we often fail in our
pursuit. We may get a glimpse of happiness, but it does not last
forever. We do not want miseries, but we cannot avoid them. Scriptures
inform us that we are spiritual beings, part and parcel of the Supreme
Lord Sri Krishna, and by nature we are full of happiness – **ānandamayo
‘bhyāsāt** (vedānta-sūtra). Then, why do we suffer? Visit this place to
get all your answers .

**Well though these are some recommended places, there are still a lot
of places to visit and to enjoy and have a great time in Bangalore.**
